I am afraid to go deep into my mind.
You are doing a good job but I have to say
that if you do not go deeper then people will not like your work,
so being a human being you are not right for our gathering.
Sometimes I think that if I had written. What would have happened,
but now nothing can be done except expressing regret and those words
are just an excuse so that I can console myself. That is why I am afraid to go deep into my mind.
I am going to make a delivery, okay go carefully.
I am also going to make a delivery.
Don't eat pizza in the enemy sign, I do not understand. What is the problem with this girl,
I do not have any such intention.
The usual baraat, in fact
apart from this she has never said anything to me. She probably does not even know me properly. She
is a strange girl, I also have no special interest in her.
Oh no!
Where is it?
There is something that is not right.
What is all this,
you have seen some past incidents of my life, nothing good ever happens by the death of unknown people.
Good morning sir, you have been lying unconscious for 3 days.
Hey you know who you are and why you are here,
it's me. Age
29 years. I had an accident while chasing a truck,
no,
there is no one I can call and tell.
Khach Khach now what is this was another cheap joke?
You are a good person how
did you know that the driver
was already dead from a heart attack. How did you notice him. Just
had good luck. After that they collided with the truck so only you and the driver got hurt.
When I told everything to the manager, he said don't worry about the white house car,
just come back to work.
Hey tell me one thing why do you work there,
I have a dream?
I just want to ask you when you
tell your dreams to others then you don't feel the fear that what will happen if it doesn't happen,
you don't feel it. I think if you say the same thing again and again then it becomes true.
You don't know about it
because we are not that many girlfriends. I
will tell him that you have come to your senses strange girls.
Manish Meena Meena has been named Revival.
I am not benefited by this but still I am very much so.
I often go back in time by 1 to 5 minutes.
Just before something bad happens where everything is too early,
I try to find things
that do not seem right. As if I have been sent there to stop them. This way I
am out and about. I am able to stop something bad from happening.
I do stop most accidents from happening,
but often they create problems for me.
Welcome home Chaturmas I went to the hospital
and you were sleeping which was very boring so I came back. You
are not having a headache. I am fine. I was scared. I mean they said that your
collided with a car. I am going to stay for a few days only. Just now in what happiness
my dear son's head collided with a moving car. I
told you I am fine and anyway there is no place to sleep here. I have seen the clipping in the cupboard
. My work will be done. Go to the hotel,
money will be wasted. There I would have given you the hospital fees.
Consider it as the fare for your stay. I am his son. He is 52 years old,
but his memories are still the same.
Satguru, can you wake me up at 3:00,
absolutely not. Have you come here to visit? You have come so far and
I will get bored if I see your face. But it hasn't even been a day since you came here. Now have your food.
Sorry, I took your son's TV,
it's okay. Anyway, the worst thing is that I
will have to go to the bathroom stealthily at night. You don't need to sneak at night.
you had to do less,
you knew that
then what's the big deal.
We tried very hard that you don't remember anything about him.
Your life was also in danger in this.
When I was only in speed Kidnapping of children!
of my
classmates were kidnapped
When I
was young, a neighbor brother, whom I used to call like this,
used to play with me often. His real name was not like this,
but I used to call him by this name because he always
used to talk like this, that is, about courage. Do you know
who is the most popular kid in your class?
Buffer is happy and very good at sports. He talks about what he wants and sometimes when
the mischief gets serious, he also gets serious. Popular people are like this,
how about it. I try to beat you in one or two things.
Just do as much as you can and never lose courage.
6 months after the children disappeared, June Shivaratri
was arrested. He was Yuki for the crime of serial kidnapping.
You took too much.
Nothing
, it is too heavy. Can you eat curry?
The fiber of the earth.
After
, what did Ho say that you will definitely keep an eye. You don't find anything strange here.
If I think, you had said something to me once before,
then you were the one who got angry.
What happened, you were looking at me,
you are not able to see anything.
supernatural
You believe in
there was no fight. Your name is,
I am making curry. Will you really want yours
?
Yes, you make maang, why did you sleep,
is it not good to eat food
. That is why I am refusing.
You cook food,
no Pandit is doing
what
happened,
what is not,
then you
are my high school student, boss!
It's okay, there
is no need to say thanks. Welcome
home, she only works with me.
Stop looking at her as my future wife. You are crazy,
you and she have a good chance. She said,
she respects you and nothing else, that girl
's yes, by the way Lali D had come. To ask for rent,
good Satguru, that afternoon in the walking lodge of the supermarket,
yes what happened,
there was no one there. Am I really joking?
I remembered
the one who was kidnapped 18 years ago. That girl was my fault. She
could not be caught. She always stayed alone in the park
but we both were not friends.
I
saw the cows for the last time.
wanted to forget that matter forever and Mummy also helped me a lot in calling her.
Bal was written on the net, all for rent, Kartik, there is no doubt that he was surprised.
Did you change your decision after seeing me, seeing him, he hid his face. He knew me.
I also know him.
Who could it be?
Remember that man.
Where is he?
Hello!
18 years ago we were wrong,
but I am sure. He has repeated this crime in the same way, nobody
has stopped.
I will have to talk to the father-in-law. Now the time has come to talk about this.
Students!
The enemy has to be told that
do not
trust yourself
should
I am leaving, see you tomorrow, see you tomorrow.
What is your mom making for breakfast tomorrow? Curry, yes, there
was so much of it that I had to eat it for breakfast too.
It was very good. Okay,
okay, we will meet again.
Without mom.
Now what is this mom, what are you doing,
this is not your hookah-kiddo house. At least keep the door closed.
Mom,
answer,
this cannot happen at all, please.
curry
did
you live with me and I wrote to you on PlayStation, you are wrong,
I was not there.
What is this,
another revival, but where am I after all,
get to know
,
who is it?
1988.